Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That's our target.
As soon as it docks, we go.
- Are you sure this is going to work?
- Trust me.
Good tip, earthling.
Follow me.
This shaft will take you
directly above the bridge.
Thank you, brother.
The Archivist is taking
too long to start the ceremony.
The Archivist?
Hurry.
If he waits much longer,
the empire will descend into chaos.
Make ready for takeoff.
I'm telling you, Branko's
wanton attack was only the beginning.
Without an emperor,
more and more high-ranking officials
will start lashing out and consolidating
their power at the Kral Zera.
Uh, just gonna jump in here.
What exactly is the Kral Zera?
Is there food there?
It sounds awful fancy.
It's the coronation ceremony
for a new emperor or empress.
It is held on one of the first planets we,
the Galra, conquered.
Planet Feyiv, a sacred land.
Okay, so who all will be
at this Kral Zera?
Allow me to show you.
-May I, Princess?
-Go ahead.
Warlord Ranveig is one
of the fiercest Galra in the empire.
That's why my father sent him
to the fringes of the universe.
He will already have several factions
pledging their allegiance.
Warlord, huh?
I'm guessing you don't get that title
by being nice.
Commander Gnov was one
of Zarkon's most trusted advisors.
She will be unifying
Zarkon's inner circle of commanders.
They know what they'll get with her.
She's not as reckless as Warlord Ranveig,
but she's just as cruel.
Quartermaster Janka.
He is responsible for overseeing
supply routes throughout the empire.
Don't let his stature fool you.
His power is bureaucracy,
and he should not be underestimated.
He keeps popping up in my database.
His supply chain management
is incredible. He definitely color codes.
So, organized evil. Okay.
And, finally, Zarkon's witch Haggar.
We've met.
She's most dangerous
of them all.
Because she's not Galra,
and therefore not eligible to rule,
she probably has a puppet already.
Someone she can control and manipulate.
If the Galra were smart,
they'd be working together against her.
If Haggar's puppet takes over,
then stopping Zarkon's reign
will all have been for naught.
Then we can't risk any
of them assuming control.
We should help Lotor take command
of the Galra Empire.
Shiro, we've already discussed this.
It's far too risky.
Yeah, why don't we let them fight amongst
themselves a while before we do anything?
You know what we went through on Olkarion,
that was just one rogue commander vying
for the throne.
When the Galra lash out,
everyone in the universe suffers.
How would we even get Lotor there
without stirring up a huge fight?
I'll be bringing Voltron.
Yeah, because Voltron
never gets in fights.
Shiro, we can't allow that to happen.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Uh, what's up with Shiro?
The Archivist
has made the summons.
Set a course for planet Feyiv.
It is time for me to burn
with the glory of the Kral Zera
and take my place on the Galra throne.
Kral Zera? Planet Feyiv?
What's going on?
This is our time to strike.
We will bring the Galra Empire down.
Avert your gaze.
The throne is for real fighters.
I've conquered more worlds
than you've ever seen
with just the swipe of my finger.
All right, when we get down there,
set one explosive
on each load-bearing beam.
The Archivist.
Through 33 rulers, during times of peace
and times of expanse,
this flame has burned
for over 13 millennia.
From our first, Brodar, to Vrig the Great,
and longest and most powerful of all...
Zarkon.
But his time has passed.
Our next ruler
must ascend the steps of destiny
and relight the Kral Zera.
Fool! Only the strongest
may lay their hands on the torches.
That is why I will assume command.
I have been on the frontlines
of the expanse,
where iron meets soul,
spreading the glory of the empire,
not huddled in the center
overseeing already-conquered worlds,
growing fat on the victories
of our forefathers.
Warlord Ranveig speaks the truth.
That is why Sendak, the purest
of the Galra, should light the flame.
He was Zarkon's right hand for millennia,
and he will lead the empire
for 10,000 more years.
The witch and Sendak.
Perhaps we should put
our differences behind us.
The only way we can stop those two is
by working together.
Why would I partner with the weak?
Sendak, who disappeared
while the empire crumbled?
Sendak, who needs a witch
to speak on his behalf?
Enough! Victory or death!
Now you will know why Zarkon put me
in the most dangerous territory
in the universe.
Hunk, what are you doing?
Why are you single-modulating
the gendocam?
Settle down, Pidge.
It's a gendocam, not a vlexagane, okay?
Single-modulation is fine.
You should double-modulate everything.
Are you crazy?
That's a waste of a button-press.
Sorry to interrupt.
Hey, Dad, real quick.
How do you reconfigure a gendocam?
Oh, great question.
Well, you start off
by double-modulating--
A-ha! I told you!
Ah.
Modulating arguments.
That's how your mother and I met.
Anyway, have either of you seen Shiro?
I wanna go over my report for the Galaxy
Garrison one last time before I leave.
Haven't seen him
since he stormed off the bridge.
I've never seen him like that.
That was weird.
It was almost as weird
as double-modulating.
Hey, Princess,
do you know where Shiro is?
Let me check.
He isn't on the ship.
His lion's gone, too.
Where's Lotor?
You are defeated.
The empire is mine.
Activating timers on the explosives.
I will strengthen the empire,
as no one else can.
Stop!
You cannot light the torch
without facing my blades.
Shiro.
Ilun, Vrek, we have to stop!
Shiro is out there!
It's too late. My bombs
are armed and the timer is set.
The operation is a go.
Lotor.
Halt! Your true emperor has arrived.
You? Lead the Galra Empire?
What could possibly make you think
that you could be our emperor?
My father's blood is not just
in my veins.
It's also on my sword.
The emperor fell to me
and so will anyone that stands in my way.
You think treachery makes you qualified
to lead us?
I will light the flame,
not for defeating my father
and not even for being
the strongest Galra here.
But because I did something
no one else could do.
I return the Black Lion to the Galra.
Stand aside, Sendak.
Time to prove yourself
through honorable rite of combat.
- No, time to end this.
- Enough!
Lotor, you cannot lead the Galra.
You think you can stop me, witch?
The blood that so bolsters your claim
is also what quells it.
You are not full Galra.
You are a half-breed.
Your mother was Honerva.
Everyone here knows my lineage,
but that will not keep me from the throne.
Now I'm taking what's rightfully mine.
I am lighting that flame,
and my first act as emperor
will be to reunite you
with my late father!
You're not getting to the top
of these steps!
What are you doing?
We have to go!
No! Shiro and Lotor are up there!
Then you'll die with them.
You don't even know
what you are, Sendak.
So loyal, so brave, and yet so stupid.
I know exactly what I am. I am a warrior!
You are nothing but Haggar's puppet!
There's too many.
There's not enough time.
Lotor has betrayed us to Voltron!
Fire on the Black Lion!
I gotta draw their fire.
Commander Trugg's fleet
has opened fire!
Watch out for their left flank!
-Return fire immediately!
-Fire on Gnov!
This is exactly what I wanted to avoid.
I knew they would all turn on each other.
Killing you would be too merciful.
Once I'm emperor,
I'm going to keep you as my slave!
-Should we get Sendak?
-Leave him. The empire has fallen.
There's too many.
I can't handle them all myself.
Huh?
Looks like you could use some help!
We got your back, Shiro!
Okay, team. Let's form Voltron!
- Huh?
- Sendak!
Sendak, I-- We could work together.
Brains and brawn.
A joint rulership.
Stronger than any the empire
has ever seen.
Your fleet is mine.
No!
The flame is lit.
Bow to your emperor.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org